Talk a bit about how we render the conference pages magically (#748)
writethedocs/www: README.md

To contribute to the Write the Docs website, it's helpful to familiarize yourself with the [Sphinx site generator](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/), as well as [reStructuredText markup syntax](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/rest.html).

### Code Architecture

> All of the generated website lives inside the `docs` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the generated website lives inside the `docs` directory, but many files outside the `conf/` directory are just static RST.
```

We are trying to move towards a more data driven approach,
which allows for easier maintenance and reuse of content between events.

#### Conference pages

We have a few important directories and files:

* `_data/config-portland-2019.yaml` - This file contains the data for rendering a specific conference.

> * `_templates/2019/` - Contains the HTML templates for the website for a conference for that year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `_templates/2019/` - Contains the HTML templates for all conferences that year, including common pages and separate navigation menus.
```

> * `conf/portland/2019/` - Contains the RST files that we use for rendering the conference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `conf/portland/2019/` - Contains the RST files that we use for rendering the conference. Copy these over from the *previous* conference chronologically, not the previous conference in the same location.
```

> * `include/conf/` Contains the text snippets which are the same between all conferences, mostly describing what our events are (eg. lightning talks and unconference). They are included via the RST files for each event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `include/conf/` Contains the text snippets which are *mostly* the same between all conferences, mostly describing what our events are (eg. lightning talks and unconference). They are included via the RST files for each event. Now we've merged #738 we can add content that is conditional to each conference using Jinja.

```

* `_ext/core.py` Contains the Sphinx extensions that manage injecting custom variables into our RST and Jinja templates. Specifically the `rstjinja` and `load_page_yaml_data` functions do a lot of the work.

> All files that live under the `conf` directory are rendered in a special way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All files that live under the `conf` directory are rendered so as to have access to
```

> We automatically inject the data inside the `_data/config-<location>-<year>.yaml` file into the Jinja context for the RST files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 the data inside the `_data/config-<location>-<year>.yaml` file in the Jinja context for the RST files.
```

This allows us to say `{{ year }}` in the RST files,
and have it be rendered properly at `2019`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Videos

An even more fragile process which needs documenting and fixing.
```
